# DVWA_ELK
DVWA_ELK is an Azure based project building a pair of load balanced web servers that host a DVWA site, as well as building a separate server to handle an ELK stack to process information from the DVWA servers.

The whole project begins by setting up a virtual network using Azure. Following the creation of the virtual network, a Resource Group is created within that virtual network, in this case a Resource Group named RedTeam. A Resource Group is a container that holds related resources for an Azure solution, including Virtual Machines (VMs), Load Balancers, Network Security Groups (NSGs), and so on. After setting up the Resource Group, an NSG is created that will manage the security rules for the resources within the NSG. After the NSG is configured, a “jumpbox” server is created within that NSG in order to act as a Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) for the web servers that will be created next. The jumpbox server will allow access via SSH to the upcoming web servers without accessing them via SSH directly from the host machine. The next step is the creation of two virtual web servers, also within the aforementioned NSG, in order to host a Damn Vulnerable Web App (DVWA) site via http.

After the three servers (one jumpbox and two web) are created, Docker is used to pull the needed containers for the DVWA website and bind them to their respective ports. The final step for the web servers is to create a load balancer within the same NSG in order to balance incoming traffic between the two web servers.

Once the initial NSG, jumpbox, web servers, and load balancer are properly configured, the next step is to configure a new subnet within the virtual network as well as a new resource group and NSG. Within the new subnet and NSG, a new server is created to host an Elasticsearch, Kibana, Beats and Logstash (ELK) stack to monitor the web servers. After the creation of the ELK server within the new subnet and NSG, Docker is used to pull the needed containers for the ELK stack and bind them to their respective ports. This marks the completion the project, with a total of one virtual network with two subnets, two resource groups, two NSGs, one jumpbox server, two web servers running DVWA Docker containers, a load balancer for the web servers, and an ELK server running ELK Docker containers to monitor the web servers.
